Laura was a very remarkable person she
was probably one of the happiest people
I've ever known in my life she just
always had this inner light about her
that really stood out full of life
funny you could tell she was a happy
person
I first met Laura when she came over for
Easter dinner and I was out in the
backyard playing my nephews and when I
just met eyes with her just like
somebody hit me on the head saying this
is the woman I have for you me and Laura
got married December 3rd 1994 I was what
they call a minor tunnel rat in 1999 I
was at work and truck broke down and hit
me in the back and fractured my back
went through a lot of surgeries and they
said I would never walk again
Laura was there the whole way I first
met Frank and Laura at in January of
2002 Laura worked at a small church
school and even though Laura was the
only one working
Frank's disability income was their
primary source of income at that time I
called Laura we went through an needs
analysis you know they they didn't want
to skimp on anything and we didn't skimp
on anything when we put the policy
together they purchased small whole life
policies with a very large term writer
Laura was not sick at all at the time in
fact she actually qualified for
preferred rates which was the best
rating class we had at the time
Frank was was actually not able to get
insurance through my primary company and
we were able to get him a smaller policy
with another company
two weeks later we went to the doctor
found out that she had this large tumor
underneath her uterus area and then they
found another lump next to her lymph
node so you know we were both very
thankful that we had signed up for
insurance then Bethany was five Josh was
three I was having face to be possibly a
single dad and raising two kids you know
with a broken back she'd finished chemo
and everything was good and everything
was in remission and we got a call and
it was her doctors saying you need to
come back for surgery ASAP after the
surgery and everything I told her you
know he probably got about a year year
and a half at the most to live Laura
passed away on October 7 2007
when somebody passes away especially at
a young age like Laura did it it's
emotionally devastating of course but
because of the planning that they did
it's taken a tragedy and and really
turned something beautiful out of it
one of the writers that we put in place
was the living benefits writer living
benefit writer it allowed them to access
part of Laura's death benefit while she
was still alive and that enabled them to
purchase this beautiful property in
Missouri which ended up being where
Laura spent the last two years of her
life Frank now has his own permanent
insurance through spouse pay to purchase
option it's a special type of policy
just for this situation and it is
building some cash value for retirement
and you know being able to support the
kids after he's gone Frank is able to
pretty much be a full-time dad he's
really able to focus on the kids I think
that the kids in Frank they're gonna be
just fine they're going to have her with
you know with them forever
they're strong kids I've ever seen and
that's Laura strength so you prepared
them well
you